# Unclaimed-QR-Based Object Tracking Powered by Ethereum
Unclaimed is a QR-based solution for finding objects. The QR generated by Unclaimed helps to connect and inform the owner about the location 
of the misplaced/lost object. The vision of the project is to eliminate the need for hardware in some cases where they are not necessarily required/not practical.

Steps for Using Unclaimed:-

- Sign Up/ Sign in
- Use Add an Object button
- Provide details/description of the object in the object description and Picture
  
When The object gets lost and somebody detects it
- He/She scans the QR.
- A notification is sent to Owner that the Item is lost.
- In the Object page of Unclaimed, the last location where the object was scanned is updated.
- The device that scans the QR shows the details(email, contact info) of the Owner.

Note: The QR scanner doesn't need any separate mobile app and is done by the default scanner app

Follow-ups possible:

- Pet Collar Integration: Unclaimed can associate a version of the QR code with a pet collar, providing a convenient solution for tracking pets without the need for specialized hardware like Airtags.
- Blockchain Data Storage: Unclaimed ensures the immutability of object data by utilizing the Ethereum blockchain for storing and verifying object information. This adds an extra layer of security and trust to the platform.

Technology Stack:

- Front-end: The user interface of Unclaimed is built using React, providing a modern and interactive experience.
- APIs: The backend APIs are developed using the Django Rest Framework, allowing seamless communication between the front end and the database.
- Ethereum Integration: Unclaimed incorporates the Web3.py library(used in the `View.py` part of MVT architecture of Django) to connect with the Ethereum smart contract written in Solidity. This integration enables the execution of smart contract functions and interaction with the Ethereum blockchain.

## Resources
- [Ganache](https://trufflesuite.com/ganache/)
- [Remix IDE](https://remix-project.org/)-for writing in solidity online
- [Web3.py](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)


## Contributing

Feel free to make a pull request or open an issue for a feature!


